We're also gonna be
relying on three books,
Deep Learning with Python
by François Chollet.
He is actually the owner of Keras.
Keras is one of the deep
learning frameworks.
It was a standalone framework
designed precisely just to
gonna create this high level API's for
deep learning.
And Keras originally was using Torch,
TensorFlow and a couple of other deep
learning frameworks on the backend, right?
But right now Keras became
part of the TensorFlow itself.
So, right now you can just import Keras,
for instance,
by typing importtensorflow.keras.
And interestingly enough,
all the API architecture or
all the API structure got preserved.
So if you find any examples
about Keras from which we're
gonna use TensorFlow version 1,
you can still use it because Keras
syntax haven't changed at all.
You will just need to instead
of typing import keras,
type input tensorflow.keras and that's it.
All right, so Francois Chollet is the
author of Keras and he's got this really
nice book Deep Learning with Python,
published about two years ago.
But as I said, just because of
the preservation of Keras APIs,
all of the examples in this book can
be used even with TensorFlow 2.0.
Hands-On Machine Learning
with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and
TensorFlow by Aurelien Geron
is a really good book.
And we will be using actually
examples from the book
in the last part of the course, when we'll
be talking about reinforcement learning.
Actors, robotics, all of that, so
that's part of the reinforcement learning.
And also if you want to know
specifics of TensorFlow itself,
Hands-On Neural Networks
with TensorFlow 2.0 by
Paolo Galeone is the really good book.
It also explains the internals of
TensorFlow 2.0, so are worth, and
I put all the links to their
GitHub repositories with examples.
So for instance, if you click to author
names, it will redirect you to GitHub
where the corresponding
source code which they
used in their books will present so
you can play.
All of those are Python based, once again,
like I haven't included a JavaScript
source code here, but if you would
like to play with Python code,
that's the way to find it
really interesting examples.
If you just want to learn
more about TensorFlow,
tensorflow.org is the good way to start.
So, it will tell you how
to install TensorFlow.
On tensorflow.org,
it's under heavy load for some reason,
but anyway,
that's the way where you can start.
TensorFlow allows you to have almost
the whole ecosystem for machine learning.
So with JavaScript, you can run codes, or
create models, train the models and
to do the inference right in your browser.
But you can also create mobile and
IoT mods and deploy them for
instance, on Raspberry Pi's,
or something like that, right?
And, of course, for the production,
if you working for the company,
TensorFlow provides this whole model
training, deployment ecosystem.
And we probably gonna touch it
a little bit at the end of this class.